#About WOSL

The Wheefun Open Sample Library (WOSL) is a collection of free samples that
musicians may use in their productions.

##Licensing

All samples and instruments included in WOSL are dedicated to the public domain
and may be freely used without conveying any sort of license to the creators.
Attribution is not required; however, it is a nice way to show that you have
benefited from this project. Generally speaking, the goal here is to allow
artists to create work in an unencumbered fashion. Please see smplic.md for 
more details.

The remainder of the project is covered under the GNU General Public License 
(GPL) v3.0  (c.f. [gplv3.md]) except where otherwise noted. If you intend to 
distribute this project's other assets, you should follow the terms of the 
corresponding licenses; in particular, you must convey the GPL for the
when you redistribute this sample pack's covered assets. If you have not 
modified the GPL constituents at all, you may use the [official source code 
repository](https://github.com/thylordroot/wosl) for this project. We have
included the [classpath exception](claspath.md) so that other code may link
against libraries used for this source code.

##Contribution

Contributions are welcome and we want to incorporate them if possible to
improve the diversity in this sample pack. Guidelines for interested
interested contributors may be found [here](contrib.md).

Please note the licensing section above; we must be certain of samples' 
provenance before including them. For this reason, we ask that all 
contributed samples or instruments are recorded as your own work  and do 
not contain any derivative works (such as sampled audio from a movie or song, 
samples ripped from other modules, or patches from commercial sample 
compilations), even if it would otherwise be covered by fair use in your 
jurisdiction. This clean-room process is necessary to ensure that both
contributors and users are protected from legal issues that may arise.

For source code, we expect it to be licensed under the GNU GPL with the
classpath exception before accepting it as a contribution. This is so that the
software itself cannot be hidden from the people who may want to use it. Other
assets (like example songs using WOSL) may be included; these may be licensed
in a manner that makes it legal to copy with the WOSL distribution; keep in
mind that WOSL allows for this distribution to be sold as long as its license
terms are met, and a non-commercial license is not suitable for this purposes.
Likewise, users should feel free to modify examples that have been included
with the WOSL distribution. Creative Commons 4.0 Attribution is a good example
of a license which is compatible with this project.

